[8.1.x] Fixed Bug Regarding Attribute Error in pytest.approx For Types Implicitly Convertible to Numpy Arrays (#12240)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/12114.bugfix.rst

> Fixed attribute error in pytest.approx for types implicitly convertible to numpy arrays by converting other_side to a numpy array so that np_array_shape != other_side.shape can be properly checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed error in :func:`pytest.approx` when used with `numpy` arrays and comparing with other types.
```
